	When visiting a website such as wikipedia.com, the first step is logging onto the Web. When browsing the web, your computer uses two protocols to connect with other computers and access necessary information. The first, HTTP, is a basic protocol written to pass information from one computer to another. It’s HTTP which supports the “web browser” that you use when searching obscure Wikipedia pages; your browser connects with a distant “web server” via HTTP and accesses the information (files) that you requested. Once your browser has the information it requested, it uses another protocol— HTML— to read and understand the files it received. HTML is written with tags that specify how text is supposed to appear on a page: with bold, italics, or other formatting. For example, when you look up Beyoncé’s Wikipedia, HTTP allows your computer to access the files that contain information about her life, career and general brilliance, and HTML allows you to see things such as her name in large, bold print and the titles of her albums italicized. Finally, in order to access all the wonderful Beyonce information, you can use a URL, which gives you the exact address of the website. The “http” in the beginning of the address lets your computer know to use the HTTP protocol, and the main address (“wikipedia.com”) is the site’s domain, and sites often end in .html, which shows that the page can be read as an HTML file. 

Most of this browsing takes place on the Web, invented by Tim Berners-Lee. While the Internet is a system of linked computers that can transfer information, the Web is a specific program that can run “on” the Internet. If computers worked like trains, the Internet would be the tracks, and the Web would be the train car. The Internet can share things from one computer to another— like an email message— but the Web allows you to search for your Gmail.com, for example, or Facebook, Wikipedia, Google or basically anything. This is further explained via TCP/IP, which is a protocol that transfers things like email across a network and delivers it to the address. TCP being how the message is broken up and sent across a network, and IP being the address to which the message is going. 
